**Deidril's Pathfinder 2 PDF Import v2.51**
For foundry V11 AND pf2e system 5.9.3+

*Remaster version*
The remaster version has little impact on the import module. 
There is some broken links to compendiums entries in the loot section, when an item has been removed or renamed.
But imports doesn't seem to be broken.
I think it will be very different when the new bestiary arrives in january. /cringe

*Updating*
Since a few release, I'm looping over old imports and fix remaining issues or update imports with little things.
Now I'm also fixing remaster's renamed items. 
They will be listed this way when renamed : [Link to the new items] *(old name)*
Example : [Obsidian googles] *(Googles of Night)*

*NPCs*
There are npcs with art but are described only with a simple sentence ( Example : Gerald **(N male human witch)** )
I now import them, using the 'Commoner' npc template to build this npc.
Most of them are not to be used except in pure roleplay scenes, so skills and levels doesn't matter and it would
be a too much big work of creating them correctly.
They are put in the ScenarioName/NPCs folder

*PFS3E13* : Fixed orientation of maps, added npcs, fixed links of renamed items

*PFS3E14* : Added npcs

*PFS3E15* : Added npcs




**Deidril's Pathfinder 2 PDF Import v2.51**
Pour foundry V11 ET pf2e system 5.9.3+

*Mise à jour*
Correction de la scène manquante dans Ennmity cycle
Correction de la génération des tokens pour Crown of the Kobold Kin, qui utilisait toujours les vieux cercles colorés en lieu des tokens rings.
Correction de la fenêtre de résumé de l'import pour quelques imports


